# Stephanie's Coding Portfolio

I enjoy coding as a way to create solutions to existing problems, create tools and play with design. Solving problems is a challenge that I enjoy and teaches me more about what I do. Self tough since mid 2016, I started with [CodeCademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) and most recently started using [Team Treehouse Learning](https://teamtreehouse.com/), where I am learning about Javascript. More information can be found about me on my [LinkedIn page](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephaniecaronpare/).


## Here's a breakdown of the projects listed in my portfolio:

* __SCP Turbo File Exporter 2000 (March 2018)__ - This is a tool that I created while conducting manual QA, in order to work more efficiently. At that time, my work required to take regular screenshots on various devices and send them to my main desktop afterward. I figured that it would be useful to have a tool easily accessible from any device (by going to [bit.ly/scpturbosend](https://bit.ly/scpturbosend)) that would allow selecting multiple files at once and send them to my Google Drive under a common folder that I would chose the name for at every upload.

* __Shift To Bikes (February 2018 to now)__ - This is a non-profit that I got involve with. The organisation, who's website is ancient PHP (not mobile friendly by any mean) is in need of a more modern and accessible to mobile website. I volunteered to work on creating a new theme for the font-end. To do so, I was suggested to used Hugo (a static site generator). I accepted that challenge and have since learned a ton about it and unavoidably along the way I learn a lot more about Git and how to use it as a group. The project is expected to be live after Pedalpalooza (runed by Shift to Bikes) in July of 2018.

* __ArtSpry (Fall of 2017)__ - This was a site created for a talent booking agency. To build the page, I used basic front-end HTML, CSS, framework Bootstrap and MODX (a Content Management System ). It was my first project working with a CMS, which definitely required additional time to understand but I got the hang of it and in retro spec would use it again for similar projects.

* __Checklist Captain (Summer / Fall of 2017)__ - This was a collaboration project to build an Android app. The idea came after hearing about PhoneGap (a mobile application development framework) and a recent sailing trip that lead to realizing that there were important functions missing on all checklist apps available then (mainly the possibly to access and fill checklist offline and the possibility to saved results). I did the front end part of the app (thank to PhoneGap, written in HTML & CSS) and created a static web page later on.

* __Personal site created to sell my former boat - This was a simple static page that I created when I was in the process to sell my former sailboat. I used HTML, CSS & Bootstrap to create it and to track progress/visibility I used Google Analytics.

* __Personal sailing/travel blog (Summer of 2017)__ - This was a fun project that I played with for a couple of months when I was on that sailing trip. With only a base in HTML/CSS and some of the framework Bootstrap at the time, I added features along the way and improved the site a little bit a the time. I played a good amount wit Google Maps API (to share our location as we moved forward), Facebook Comments API, Google Analytics and various small changes that I was pretty excited about then like the carousel that later on had changing pictures.